# google-foobar

My solutions for Google's foobar challenge.

![Screenshot of Google's foobar home page](imgs/screenshot.png)

## Journal

```text
Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned
yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on their space station. From here, you just might be
able to subvert Commander Lambda's plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny
Planet. Problem is, Minions are the lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and
get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Why did you sign up for infiltration duty again? The pamphlets from Bunny HQ promised exotic and
interesting missions, yet here you are drudging in the lowest level of Commander Lambda's
organization. Hopefully you get that promotion soon...

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself
promoted. Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down
Commander Lambda, though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

The latest gossip in the henchman breakroom is that "LAMBCHOP" stands for "Lambda's Anti-Matter
Biofuel Collision Hadron Oxidating Potentiator". You're pretty sure it runs on diesel, not biofuel,
but you can at least give the commander credit for trying.

The perks are definitely better as a Henchman than as a Minion. You're even allowed to sleep lying
down!

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that you've been promoted to personal
assistant. You'll be helping the Commander directly, which means you'll have access to all of
Lambda's files -- including the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. This is the chance you've been
waiting for. Can you use your new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

As Commander Lambda's personal assistant, you get to deal with all of the paperwork involved in
running a space station big enough to house the LAMBCHOP. And you thought Bunny HQ had too much
bureaucracy...

One of these days you're going to manage to glimpse Commander Lambda's password over their shoulder.
But the Commander is very careful about security and you haven't managed it yet...

Who the heck puts clover and coffee creamer in their tea? Commander Lambda, apparently. When you
signed up to infiltrate the organization you didn't think you'd get such an up-close and personal
look at these more... unusual tastes.

Excellent! You've destroyed Commander Lambda's doomsday device and saved Bunny Planet! But there's
one small problem: the LAMBCHOP was a wool-y important part of the space station, and when you blew
it up, you triggered a chain reaction that's tearing the station apart. Can you rescue the bunny
workers and escape before the entire thing explodes?
```
